Add section explaining how to bump js dependencies (#763)
Enalean/tuleap-documentation-en: languages/en/developer-guide/front-end/bump-dependencies.rst

.. _bump-dependencies:

Bump dependencies
=================

At the beginning of each sprint, feature team has responsibility to update dependencies of plugin they are working on.

> Some plugin has lot of legacy and some bump will be painful, the main aim of it is to work with a best effort cost:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some plugins has lot of legacy and some bumps will be painful, the main aim of it is to work with a best effort cost:
```

 - we try to apply bump

>  - if it fail we will purse the bump only if it's easy, if not the bump must be discussed with the rest of team, and eventually added in backlog to plan it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - if it fails we will pursue the bump only if it's easy, if not the bump must be discussed with the rest of team, and eventually added in backlog to plan it
```

How to detect outdated dependencies in a plugin?
------------------------------------------------

> You can run `npm outdated` inside the plugin, you will have a list of dependencies to bump example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run `npm outdated` inside the plugin, you will have a list of dependencies to bump. Example:
```

.. code-block:: bash

    $ npm outdated
    Package                  Current  Wanted  Latest  Location
    @juggle/resize-observer    3.3.0   3.3.1   3.3.1  @tuleap/plugin-roadmap

> When we bump a dependency, we try to bump it everywhere in tuleap, for instance the `@juggle/resize-observer` is used in `roadmap` plugin but it is also used in `src` and `list-picker` the bump should concern the three `package.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When we bump a dependency, we bump it everywhere in tuleap. For instance the `@juggle/resize-observer` is used in `roadmap` plugin but it is also used in `src` and `list-picker`. The bump should concern the three `package.json`
```
